docs: fix demo space (#32264)
ant-design/ant-design: components/typography/demo/basic.md

    </Paragraph>
    <Paragraph>
      After massive project practice and summaries, Ant Design, a design language for background

>       applications, is refined by Ant UED Team, which aims to&nbsp;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      applications, is refined by Ant UED Team, which aims to <Text strong>
```

Author: Thank you so much. First time I thought it may destroy the code structure, so add '&nbsp', so sorry.
